[Music]
hey guys so the first product that I
love to use is set up bill and this is
an oil cleanser so the oily skin our few
of acne this will pretty much clear out
I really like using this because it has
simple ingredients and its really good
for the skin smells really clean and
nice I just use this as a basic cleanser
and it's really nice because it has a
pump so I can just leave it by my like
sink or whatever and I'll just feel the
need to use it during the day or at
night or whatever I'm feeling oily so I
love to use as at night specifically
because it's really really good after
taking off your makeup it removes excess
oil and it has a really nice full mega
little action it's a little bit bubbly
and it's not harsh at all for your skin
but it is really good for acne prone
skin as well it removes your makeup and
any dirt and literally it claims to
remove it 99% of all bacteria and dirt
and nastiness on your face it's also
really amazing because this huge like
500 milliliter little pump cleanser only
costs around $10 at the drugstore not
too fancy not too expensive and it gets
the job done it's also really good
because it's pH balanced so it won't
grow off the balance of your skin and
I've been using this for over a year now
and it's been amazing for my skin so I
highly recommend that the Nexen and I
like to use as a little bit of an
exfoliator and I
the extra stuff you definitely don't
need to do this but I really love this
product because it has a lot of
superfoods in it this is a glam low-mass
it's from the mud to foam so it starts
off at the eighth grade
muddy texture and it's called a youth
cleanser and it goes into a nice foamy
texture which I love because it cuz it
kind of seems like a cleanser it that
way I can supply it with one to two
puffs of this on my fingers and then I
put it into my face this is for both men
and women and it's for every skin type
and and he ages so this is perfect for
everybody it also smells really nice and
it has little beads in it which
exfoliate your skin and remove any dead
skin cells or any dirt or makeup your
cleanser miss and you could also use
this as a cleanser if you don't want to
use anything before this is kind of like
a two-in-one this will serve removes
makeup and it gets rid of any dead skin
cells that are on the surface of your
skin to leave your skin a little bit
more clean and it works deep into your
pores the super foods that I have this
base mask also helps woods by my
anti-aging makes your skin really really
glowy lose your skin if any smooth lines
and any like you know bumps and stuff it
creates a really smooth surface and it
also helps with anti aging and there's
any fine lines that you may find that
you have on your face I really love this
because it leaves my skin gloomy and it
feels so nice when I put it on and I'm
almost like on my second tube of this
now and I will definitely be
repurchasing here are two specific
exfoliators that I've
in between lately and I wanted to show
you both of them so you guys had some
options and you can see kind of what
floats your boat so the first one is by
Tarte and it's called the friction stick
and this is an exfoliating stick this is
super easy to use it comes in a little
bit of a tube which you just unscrew and
then your product is right there and you
can just twist it up it's just a black
sort of charcoal exfoliator
and it has little beads on it so you put
it all over your face and then you can
kind of just rub it in with your fingers
and the beads will remove any leftover
dead skin and I don't do this every
night this is only if I need a little
bit more exfoliation and if I'm feeling
like our world of makeup that day and
I'm not really loving it so this is kind
of an extra treat my skin as well this
other exfoliator that I'm going to show
you because I plan will mask does have
exfoliating little beads in it I don't
want to irritate my skin especially if
you have sensitive skin my skin isn't
that sensitive it's a combination skin
but it's sometimes super super dry like
especially after I only wash it this is
really good to help you know smooth out
my texture and get rid of that dead skin
on the surface I'm sorry if my hair
turban is being annoying it's annoying
me too the next product that I love to
use as an exfoliant is ocean salt by
lush this stuff is my like serious
someone everyone vacation I love to use
like the ocean wire and all ocean salts
sort of like cleanse my skin
notice that after a little vacay in some
ocean water my skin is smooth the pimple
free clean and I can go without using
foundation for like two weeks after that
so a good substitute you can't always go
on vacation like me is using ocean salt
by lush this is a face and body scrub
and I simply just use it for my face is
this kind of pricey and I don't really
find the need for it on my body but I do
on my face I like to use this as a treat
because it is a little bit harsher has
that sea salt in it and it's very very
like acidic so it'll just burn off
basically any of the pimples acnes
imperfections on your skin it has
organic lime to brighten and avocado to
soften your skin as well and it just
works really amazingly and of course all
of luscious products are fresh and
handmade I want only how much left and
this is kind of old so don't be grossed
out by this but it works amazingly this
is the self per serving product so you
don't put it in the fridge or anything
like that I just take like a good scoop
of my fingers and scrub my face with it
and rinse it off and it feels so great
after so definitely recommend ocean salt
by lush friends fully and as well but if
you have sensitive skin made me stay
clear of this one okay guys onto the
face map once again I want a face mask
every night but the Beast
that I've been currently loving and
using is this one by slim low
I'm just really a fan of Glenville
products they're not sponsoring me they
haven't set any product and literally
buy these all on my own and yeah I love
this one this one is black both super
modern mask I think this is one of their
most popular ones it's the black one and
it kind of burns when you first put it
on your skin it burns but for after like
30 seconds of using it I feel like if
you can just pull through that initial
burning phase it works so amazing on the
skin oh yeah I really love using this
mask with a little brush just for an
instant pick-me-up and you will usually
do this around one to two times a week
two times when I'm feeling like I really
need to clear my skin out or also it's
between a couple knots but this is the
one that I've been currently using and
it's been working like a gem okay so the
next thing that to use once on my face
is called cleaned and if a I serum now
this is sort of like a gel this is
Biocare cosmetics and it's just a little
stick and it looks like this um it's an
eye lift gel and it feels really nice
under your skin it kind of gets a little
bit ivy lips and kind of cools it and I
think it really helps the under eyes and
I've been using this way past two weeks
and I've been really loving the results
lately and he's been giving my under
eyes a lot of hydration and making sure
that there are well kept care of and the
last event to use is the glam glow
trudeau of
treatment masque and it's kind of like
an overnight mask moisturizer and it
looks like
it has two sides to it the gray one and
the purl one and what you do is you just
put the purl one on your skin and wait a
couple minutes and then ask the bathroom
sink did you take this one and this
one's long thicker and overnight and I'm
like your skin feels like a baby's
bottom literally so I really love that
about it because the next day your skin
feels amazing and once again I don't use
this moisturizer every day but every
night I try to because it's really
really great for the skin and if you
don't use it every night maybe three or
four times a week at most because this
doesn't really expected but I do like to
spend a lot of money on skincare because
I think it matters okay just just my
head out of that era because it was
seriously cheating me and but I just
wanted to finish off this video and say
that that's exactly what I do for my
next time skincare routine and you guys
have been requesting it so I wanted to
put it out there and I hope you guys
enjoyed it I hope that helps a little
bit I hope you guys enjoyed it and I
will see you guys in my next game